	I believe Last Lecture was a very optimistic and moving speech. Randy Pausch was a very passionate person and he proved to the audience he was able to do anything (realistically) he put his mind to. I think one of the most influential points he made that affected me most was how moving past brick walls show dedication. I’ve been behind the brick wall and I’ve also presented it-- however, when presenting it, if the person against it decides to take on the challenge of working past whatever issue was presented, it shows the dedication and passion of the individual. I think another important point I’ve identified a lot with was his idea of getting “a feedback loop and listening to it.” Peer review can be one of the most beneficial tools to someone, especially in courses which require lots of cooperation and teamwork. Some may not want to hear others critiques of personal methodology, however, just because a certain tactic works for one person does not mean it works as a collective. I concede that there are times where a group will need a leader, but groups will never need a dictator. If one is able to take constructive criticism and learn from it, they will be much more successful in the future. The last statement which stood out for me was to not “complain, [but to] just work harder.” As a student, it can be overwhelming and stressful to keep up with so many different circles like school, work, and relationships with others. Although it may be easier to complain and avoid responsibility, to be productive, you have to go against your wants and focus on your needs.

	Furthermore, mindset is a key concept that intertwines with Pausch’s Last Lecture. A fixed mindset is the belief that talent is equivalent to success. A growth mindset is the belief that hard work and dedication are equivalent to success. Having a growth mindset enables you to do almost anything you set your mind to. My answers from the quiz indicated I have a mostly growth mindset, so my perspective is not very different than before. I think it might, however, affect my outlook slightly moving forward because as I begin to experiment with new classes and the acquisition of new skills, if I don’t dedicate and believe I can learn the content, it’s a waste of time and money.

